today I am going to share a testimony of
michoacana an exemplary woman who touched
Her heart is called Maria Guadalupe
stolen Mendez had a 17- year-old son
born in the community of san bartolo in
the municipality of patzcuaro michoacán is
called Juan Manuel Thinned Mendez
one day doctors from the mexican institute
Social Security in Charo michoacán him
they declared brain death to their son
where he had moved it for his
medical care
when they told him about the issue of
I organ donation bother me angry
and in fact I was very rude with a botox
because when I arrived I already
They already told me that my son is already from
done since I got to Morelia in
the first insurance they told me that there
deceased he already had his brain death
Then they told me they are going to send me
to see if they had the possibility
that he lived then when I
I arrived so they saw it and everything and I
they did that he had already had him
given his brain death he told him a
doctor who wanted to donate the organs
for me it was something annoying or I'm up
I was a little rude to the doctor
because he was in a situation
very very bad and more apathetic I offended
then already when they happened to us again
again that he had already died
here with the doctor was that they passed me and
He tried to talk to us and tell us how
was the
about the donation but it was also a
day of your life a moment of your
sufficient existence to pass from
crying and pain to reflection for
accept that your child will donate their organs
to improve or give life to those who
they will need knowing that their son juan
Manuel would still live in other people
that tragic day when death
brain announcement that you would lose to your
son physically and forever he
his son became hope and light
it would give many days of life and health to more
people
then we talk with my relatives
that accompanied me we talked and this
because this one we saw that it was the best
donate to him to take something that no longer
Well, practically he was going to
bring and he could save lives that's why
was that we decided that we talked and
We decided that while I had the
possibility of saving because you were
that they come gift to which manuel donoso his
two corneas his two kidneys the liver the
skin his bones his tendons and his
heart in addition to other organs me
I feel proud for him because
because he is not there we do not have it anymore
his body but he is living in other
people and I feel proud for him
organ donation remains a
issue that scares some families but
the donation of organs is undoubtedly
life expectancy for many
people suffering from some disease
terminal because they depend precisely on
the donation of an organ to follow
living understood that Mrs. Maria
guadalupe stolen méndez who next to
your family and thanks to your son
transformed the lives of 50 people who
they will thank you forever
If it's a bit difficult to accept, it's very
difficult because
they are things that one does not expect and at least
I had never been told about the
I did not know donation donation by
that the woman equal and also rude with
the doctor because it fell out of
surprise then your question then this
Well, I invite the people who do
they had the possibility to treat it
but close something that because sometimes
the people here are very closed to
that they do not like to grab my son or
meters to my family this is going to me
mistreat or mendez are going to do it
informed for our vision news
Alberto Gutierrez plant